README.md, before:

![image.png](attachment:c108ec84-df4f-4c7e-9cfa-aa16bf12b8dd.png)

<h1><center><bold>Understanding the Apriori Algo</bold></center></h1>


The Apriori Alogrithm is a rather recent one and was proposed (sic..wiki!) by Agrawal and Srikant as recently as 1994.  Its an algorithm for frequent item set mining allowing companies to understand and organise up-selling and cross-selling activities.

One of the most powerful applications is in the Recommender System that we all see while shopping online on Amazon - and various other versions of it being present across nearly all e-commerce sites today.

This is to help understannnd a very simple data set containing single International Standard Book Number (ISBNs), which is a unique International Publisher's Identifier number for a book.  Where each row stands for a unique customer who has purchased the listed books.

The objective is to understand basis buying behaviour what are the other books to recommend to the customer - such that it can improve revenue for the company as well as overall satisfaction levels with the services offered. 

We conclude with a network map showcasing the relationship or priors with a confidence of above 55%

Commit message:

Added the link to uploaded ipynb file
Also removed image from main page

README.md, after:

<h1><center><bold>Understanding the Apriori Algo</bold></center></h1>


The Apriori Alogrithm is a rather recent one and was proposed (sic..wiki!) by Agrawal and Srikant as recently as 1994.  Its an algorithm for frequent item set mining allowing companies to understand and organise up-selling and cross-selling activities.

One of the most powerful applications is in the Recommender System that we all see while shopping online on Amazon - and various other versions of it being present across nearly all e-commerce sites today.

This is to help understannnd a very simple data set containing single International Standard Book Number (ISBNs), which is a unique International Publisher's Identifier number for a book.  Where each row stands for a unique customer who has purchased the listed books.

The objective is to understand basis buying behaviour what are the other books to recommend to the customer - such that it can improve revenue for the company as well as overall satisfaction levels with the services offered. 

We conclude with a network map showcasing the relationship or priors with a confidence of above 55%

You can check out the complete project by clicking [here](https://github.com/ArijitChakrabarti/Books-Apriori/blob/main/Books%20Database.ipynb).
